# Writeup 3 - Operational Security and Social Engineering

Name: Barath Srinivasan
Section: 0202

I pledge on my honor that I have not given or received any unauthorized assistance on this assignment or examniation.

Digital acknowledgement: I pledge on my honor that I have not given or received any unauthorized assistance on this assignment or examniation. -- Barath Srinivasan

## Assignment Writeup

### Part 1 (40 pts)

    In order to be able to SE the needed information of Elizabeth Moffet, I would pretend to be representative of investment bank that is willing to buy 1337bank. I would start a conversation by saying I am a lawyer representing the board of directors for a swiss bank who are interested in buying the company from Elizabeth Moffet. I would continue by saying how much the board is excited about this potential purchase and hand her a filled out copy of a intent to purchase contract. (There are plently of templates out on the internet that it wouldn't be hard to fake one.) I also do this to make sure she thinks I am a legit lawyer who represents a company ready to buy her company. However, before we continue any further I would mention that the directors want to assess her character before continuing to make sure they are dealing with a character of good faith; especially, since this is an expensive process for her to walk away in the middle. So, I would first ask her questions about her childhood, i.e. mom's maiden name, city she was born and the name of her first pet. As I ask her about herself, I will casually mention things about me to further her trust in me. For example, that as an undergrad I was computer science major. As we continue, I now be able causally mention my favorite browser, since I mentioned I was a CS major, while pulling out my laptop. Finally, I would turn my laptop to her and ask her to login to bank account to make sure that her finance were in order before we procede. However, I would have that automatic save password option activated in my laptop so I could save access into her account. Finally, I would find a good time to leave and then call her online bank company and use the account name and password to change the her PIN number. If at anytime, Moffet asks me more infomation about the purchase to make sure it was authentic I would say that that the directors have instructed me to not reveal much detail before they make a final decision about her character. However, after like the fifth time of giving her the same response, I fake giving in and mention to her that directors are looking at making an offer of somewhere north of $5 million. I would only reveal this infomation after gaining a promise from her to maintain it a secret, in order to make all of this as real as possible. I would also wear a suit and have business cards made in order to sell her the fact that I am a lawyer.

### Part 2 (60 pts)

    One of the first vulnerabilities that Moffet faces is the fact she uses her handle name, v0idcache, repeatedly on the internet. This repeated use makes it easier to track her down because the username is unique enough that search queries only point to her. So, by using different usernames on the internet would be helpful in covering her tracks on the internet. Another vulnerability, I found was the fact that the file, authenticate, was stored on the client side rather than in the server side. This is a major issue because by not storing it in the server side, I was able to access and scan it for infomation like usernames and passwords. This allowed me access into the website. In order to fix this, Moffet needs fix this by moving important and/or sensitive infomation to the server side ("Introduction to Server Side", developer.mozilla.org). Also, by moving files to her server, Moffet can restrict the infomation wach person sees through her site ("Introduction to Server Side", developer.mozilla.org). Finally, Moffet should try to protect her ports especially p1773, from a straight forward bruteforce attack. She can do this by using either IDS/IPS, in order to stop hackers from attacking her ports. IDS is system that is meant to detect and report attacks on ports, while IPS is meant to actively stop attackers from entering ("IDS vs. IPS: What is the Difference", varnois.com). Also, by implementing either tool, Moffet doesn't need to as active on protecting her servers because these tools automatically do everything ("IDS vs. IPS: What is the Difference", varnois.com).